## TabNav v3.5.0:

This version of TabNav features a major refactor of nearly all of the commands to be
more inline with the built-in Sublime Text movement commands. This refactor of the is
to support some exciting new functionality that is planned with a future version of
TabNav.

For now, the legacy commands remain fully functional. However, they are considered
deprecated and **will be removed** from a future version of TabNav.

**What you need to do now:**

* If you just installed TabNav, nothing beyond what's in the [README](https://github.com/mitchvm/tabnav/blob/main/README.md).
* If you are using the "recommended" key bindings from a previous version of TabNav,
  simply replace all of your TabNav key bindings with the new recommended key bindings
  provided with this version of the package.
* If you have customized the key bindings to invoke TabNav commands, or recorded any
  macros using TabNav commands, unfortunately your migration path is a little bit more
  involved. See the [LegacyCommandMapping.md](https://github.com/mitchvm/tabnav/blob/3.5.0/LegacyCommandMapping.md)
  file for full mapping of all of the legacy commands that have changed.
  Copy the new command names and arguments to replace your old key bindings/macros.

Once you have fully migrated to the new commands, open the TabNav settings
(Main Menu > Preferences > Package Settings > TabNav > Settings - TabNav)
and add the following line to your settings file to disable the legacy commands:

"use_legacy_commands": false

**New Commands:**

The refactor above also made it natural to introduce two additional commands:

* Move cursor to beginning/end of the current cell
* Select text to the beginning/end of the current cell

Neither command has an associated key binding in the recommended key bindings.

**Command Palette Changes:**

All navigation commands have been removed from the command palette. They remain accessible from the main menu (Selecion > TabNav). 